Please oh mirror, please oh mirror, stuck on the wall
Why do I have to be the fairest one of them all?
Because the beauty of a rose
is not worth the thorns that they will impose.

I am smiled at and greeted by all who walk by,
but once they turn their backs they reveal their true sides,
All of their intentions, poisoned by all their lies.

As I start to fall,
fall into a deep sleep.
I dream about a tale, a fairy tale, I had once long ago
When time was frozen still.

Won't you please come and save me?
Wake me with your kiss like the story goes.
Save me from this white coffin where I'm trapped and all alone.
All these hateful words,
nothing more than some bad cliche ripped off the tv screen.
Dear prince, I'm waiting
but you're still nowhere to be seen.

Ah

Please oh mirror, please oh mirror, stuck on the wall,
the secrets you reveal showing me as he
removes his tie, kisses her cheek,
jealousy has completely taken me.

Seven cheerful faces smiled as they walked my way,
they had all seemed so nice but they were only playing along with her cruel schemes,
poisoned by all her lies.

Choking on my tears,
they continue to fall.
I couldn't stop to breathe I cried and cried, myself to a deep sleep.
My vision starts to fade.

Won't you hurry, race to me?
I'm fading quickly, ever faster still.
Don't ask why, I've no answer just save me before I die.
Some say hateful love
is nothing more than the product of innocent love squared.
I wonder how long
I have left until I vanish?

All the broken loves, their cries ring through the air.
A poison apple's kiss,
I dream in a never ending nightmare.
Where time is frozen still.

Won't you please come and save me?
Wake me with your kiss like the story goes.
Don't you want my eyes to open, so I can live once more?
Please follow my voice,
climb all the stairs standing in your way to where my heart calls.
Then you'll find me there.

Ah

Won't you please come and save me?
Wake me with your kiss like the story goes.
Save me from this white coffin where I'm trapped and all alone.
All these hateful words,
nothing more than some bad cliche ripped off the tv screen.
Dear prince, I'm waiting
but you're still nowhere to be seen.

Ah

Before I disappear, kiss me once again.